{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Segoe UI;}{\f1 Courier New;}}
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134
\fs28\b mh_special_char_keyboard – User Manual\b0\fs24\par
\par
\fs22\pard\sa200\sb100\qj
This tool provides a visual keyboard of special characters and symbols. Click a symbol to copy it to the clipboard, or use Shift+Click (or right-click \i Append\i0 ) to add it to the builder area and save to a .txt file.\par
\par
\b 1. Requirements\b0\par
- Python 3.8+ (3.12 recommended)\par
- Tkinter (included on Windows/macOS; on Linux: \f1 sudo apt-get install python3-tk\f0)\par
\par
\b 2. Running the App\b0\par
\f1
python -m venv .venv\par
.venv\Scripts\activate    (Windows)\par
source .venv/bin/activate (macOS/Linux)\par
pip install -r requirements.txt\par
python mh_special_char_keyboard_gui.py\par
\f0\par
\b 3. Using the Interface\b0\par
- \b Categories:\b0  Tabs for Punctuation, Quotes, Currency, Math, Arrows, Bullets & Stars, Brackets, Latin Diacritics, Greek, Technical, Box Drawing.\par
- \b Copy:\b0  Click a symbol to copy it to the clipboard.\par
- \b Append:\b0  Shift+Click a symbol (or Right-click \i Append\i0 ) to add it to the builder.\par
- \b Save:\b0  Use \i Save to .txt\i0  to export builder contents.\par
- \b Symbol Info:\b0  See name, Unicode (U+XXXX), decimal code, HTML entities, and a Windows Alt-code hint.\par
- \b Search:\b0  Search by character or partial Unicode name; results appear in a temporary tab.\par
\par
\b 4. Keyboard Equivalents\b0\par
- Windows Alt codes are shown when applicable (generally U+0020..U+00FF). For wider Unicode, copy/paste is recommended.\par
\par
\b 5. Packaging (Optional)\b0\par
Build a Windows executable using PyInstaller:\par
\f1
pip install pyinstaller\par
pyinstaller --noconfirm --onefile --windowed ^\par
  --name mh_special_char_keyboard ^\par
  --version-file file_version_info.txt ^\par
  mh_special_char_keyboard_gui.py\par
\f0\par
This will generate a binary in the \i dist\i0  folder.\par
\par
\b 6. License\b0\par
Released under the MIT License. See \i LICENSE\i0 .\par
}
